mrs. Bartlet quite frankly he is one of
our brightest boys here at school well
I'm just not sure why he must be
expelled
it's been running a laminating press
from inside his dorm room you have to
admit they look pretty authentic so what
now whether now we tried public school
then give you a locker in the futures
lounge I'm not a teacher
sir look like a teacher so you're the
infamous Charlie Bartlett yes they're a
private school you haven't been kicked
out what's that is that briefcase
actually I believe it's net - a case
your mom tells me you don't feel norm
my family has a psychiatrist on call how
normal can I be Charlie I'm going to
write you a prescription for Ritalin it
was possible for Ritalin to get you
pretty high you're Charlie Bartlett
right do you think there's any way that
we could talk I can't go to my parents
they already think I'm a freak it's
gonna what totally depressed is like a
heart attack I'm gonna work this out
everything that I've read there's no one
case of anyone dying of panic attacks
you just tell yourself in 15 minutes
I'll probably feel fine what do i do
until then sometimes it feels like a
heart attack I'll put you on a low dose
of xanax yeah we'll be x-rayed sacrum
who is this guy Charlie Bartlett Charlie
Bartlett Charlie Bartlett I can't sleep
at all anger and aggression obsessive
behaviors are you making any friends at
all working on what is there something
wrong with the other Bethenny how does
this work do I just talk what if a lot
of traffic did there also you should
have breast implants I just can't handle
this place well duh dude this place
sucks
all I hear about these days Charlie
Bartlett or my son this Charlie Bartlett
or my daughter that Anton Yelchin hope
Davis and Robert Downey jr. turn
what are you doing this one I'm helping
these kids nobody else is helping them
well thanks for listening Charlie were
live there's more to high school than
being well-liked like what specifically
nothing comes to mind